feat: update Create a token for new Cloud behavior (#3656)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.1/security/tokens/create-token.md

command line interface (CLI), or the InfluxDB API.

{{% note %}}

> {{% oss-only %}}Tokens are visible to the user who created the token. Users who own a token with Operator permissions also have access to all tokens.
> Tokens stop working when the user who created the token is deleted.
> 
> **We recommend creating a generic user to create and manage tokens for writing data.**
> {{% /oss-only %}}

Reviewer: Does this format correctly? You may need to add a newline and a blank line after the opening shortcode tag. If it does format correctly, I'm fine with it.

```suggestion
{{% oss-only %}}

Tokens are visible to the user who created the token. Users who own a token with Operator permissions also have access to all tokens.
Tokens stop working when the user who created the token is deleted.

**We recommend creating a generic user to create and manage tokens for writing data.**

{{% /oss-only %}}
```

Author: It does format correctly. When I tried with a newline then it added an unwanted blank line.

> {{% cloud-only %}}
> To follow best practices for secure API token generation and retrieval, InfluxDB Cloud enforces access restrictions on API tokens.
>   - Tokens are visible to the user who created the token.
>   - InfluxDB Cloud UI only allows access to the API token value immediately after the token is created.
>   - You can't change access (**read/write**) permissions for an API token after it's created.
>   - Tokens stop working when the user who created the token is deleted.
> 
> We recommend the following for managing your tokens:
> - Create a generic user to create and manage tokens for writing data.
> - Store your tokens in a secure password vault for future access.
> {{% /cloud-only %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% cloud-only %}}

To follow best practices for secure API token generation and retrieval, InfluxDB Cloud enforces access restrictions on API tokens.

- Tokens are visible to the user who created the token.
- InfluxDB Cloud UI only allows access to the API token value immediately after the token is created.
- You can't change access (**read/write**) permissions for an API token after it's created.
- Tokens stop working when the user who created the token is deleted.

**We recommend the following for managing your tokens:**
- Create a generic user to create and manage tokens for writing data.
- Store your tokens in a secure password vault for future access.

{{% /cloud-only %}}
```

{{% /note %}}

- [Create a token in the InfluxDB UI](#create-a-token-in-the-influxdb-ui)
- [Create a token using the influx CLI](#create-a-token-using-the-influx-cli)
- [Create a token using the InfluxDB API](#create-a-token-using-the-influxdb-api)

## Create a token in the InfluxDB UI

{{% oss-only %}}

> 1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Data (Load Data)** > **Tokens**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Load Data** > **API Tokens**.
```

Author: When OSS nav menu is collapsed (which I think is the default), it says "Data".

    {{< nav-icon "load-data" >}}

2. Click **{{< icon "plus" >}} Generate** and select a token type
   (**Read/Write Token** or **All Access API Token**).
3. In the window that appears, enter a description for your token in the **Description** field.
4. If generating a **read/write token**:
    - Search for and select buckets to read from in the **Read** pane.
    - Search for and select buckets to write to in the **Write** pane.
5. Click **Save**.

{{% /oss-only %}}

{{% cloud-only %}}

### Create an All-Access token

> 1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Load Data** > **Tokens**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Load Data** > **API Tokens**.
```

    {{< nav-icon "load-data" >}}

2. Click the **{{< icon "plus" >}} {{< caps >}}Generate API Token{{< /caps >}}** button.
3. Select **All Access API Token**.

### Create a Custom token

> 1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Load Data** > **Tokens**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Load Data** > **API Tokens**.
```

    {{< nav-icon "load-data" >}}

2. Click the **{{< icon "plus" >}} {{< caps >}}Generate API Token{{< /caps >}}** button.
3. Select **Custom API Token**.
4. When the **Generate a Personal API Token** window appears, enter a description. If you don't provide a description for the token, InfluxDB will generate a description from the permissions you assign.

>    For example, if you select **Read** for a bucket named "_monitoring" and **Write** for a bucket named "_tasks", InfluxDB will generate the description "Read buckets _monitoring Write buckets _tasks".

Reviewer: Escape the underscores to prevent markdown from parsing them as `<em>`s.

```suggestion
   For example, if you select **Read** for a bucket named "\_monitoring" and **Write** for a bucket named "\_tasks", InfluxDB will generate the description "Read buckets \_monitoring Write buckets \_tasks".
```

Author: Thanks

5. Select checkboxes in the **Read** and **Write** columns to assign access permissions for the token. You can enable access to all buckets, individual buckets, Telegraf configurations, and other InfluxDB resources. By default, the new token has no access permissions.
6. When you're finished, click **{{< caps >}}Generate{{< /caps >}}**.
7. When InfluxDB displays the token value, click **{{< caps >}}Copy to Clipboard{{< /caps >}}**. This is your only chance to access and copy the token value from InfluxDB.
8. (Optional) Store the API token value in a secure password vault.

### Clone a token

> To create a token that has the same authorizations as an existing token, clone the existing token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a token with the same authorizations as an existing token, clone the existing token.
```

> 1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Load Data** > **Tokens**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the navigation menu on the left, select **Load Data** > **API Tokens**.
```

Author: No idea what happened with these.. maybe an errant F&R
